How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you
see the bug that was introduced?

A: Using diff made it much easier to see the differences in the
code

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

A:You could always go right back to the original code if you had
mistakes or wished to branch off of old code to make a similar
program.
 
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

A: pros are that if you get to a point and wish to save the code
as something other than original but something crashes or you
loose power, the code is auto saved. The cons are that you may
be expermenting in code that you may not want to save but it is
already auto saved. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

A: 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

A:

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

A: You have the original to go back to if you make mistakes, so
you will experiment more.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

A: learning how to become a better code writer by utilizing this newly
learned tool.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

A: You can go back to originals and you can always go to any point in the
history of the code where you wish to. You can also go back and see where
people made changes to the code in history.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

A: You have the control over how big or small the commits are.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

A: git is designed for coders and allows this so that if multiple files go
together they would all be in the same commit.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

A: you can use git log to get the id's of the commits and then
git diff to compare the changes with easy to see color changes
also.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

A: using the git log and git diff is awesome in debugging

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

A: a small coding project for class!!


